# CS300-Portfolio
Pseudocode, Analysis, and Source Code for Final Projects

The purpose of this project/class was to determine on anaylsis, the best data structure to use for our assignment and then create the code from scratch for a working command line app that allows students to view school course lists and search by course for prerequistes. We had several weeks of practicing pseducode and building out the rest of provided source code for each type of data structure. Those weeks of practice were crucial in understanding each type of data structure and when and why they should be implemented for difference use cases. Along the way I experienced several road blocks mostly having to do with the compiler I have on my macbook versus the source code syntax provided. However, the additional googling/searching I had to do in order to make these assignments work was great practice in finding solutions wihtout the aid of classroom instruction. 

The work on this project helped me gain a stronger fundamental understanding of data structures and how they should be implemented into a program. I also gained a great overview on what a team will be analyzing from the beginning of a project and how they would go about the initial steps of building out pseudocode. Although the actual scope of this project was small, I still learned a good amount of the overall flow of a project similar to this. Additionally, I gained a lot of experience on how to organize my code and in-line comments so that this final project was succinct and easily-readable. In previous projects like this I might have tended to overthink what was actually necessary so this was excellent practice in seeing how to keep things simple and recognize what that looks like in a completed project.
